1. Display employee name who is earning maximunm salary.
2. Find al1 employees who work in the department where martin works.
3. Find all employees who work in the department where Smith works or Allen works
4. Display all who earn more than Allen or Smith.
5. Delete all employees who work in Smith's dept and earn more than 1200 as a sal.
6. Change the sal of Smith to same a Jones.
7. Increase the salary bu 10% in the database for all employees having experience more than 40 years
8. Implement following using case statement. Use data from emp database.
   If comm is null ‘need improvement’ If <500 “ok” If >=500 and < 1000 ‘good' ‘Excellent'
9. For any available table create a sequence and check how it works.
10 From the emp table, write a SQL query to find out which employees have the same job as the employee whose 
   eno is ID is 7499. Return ename,job,deptno.
11.From the emp table, write a SQL query to find those employees who receive a higher salary than the employee 
   with eno 7499. Return ename,job,deptno,sal.
12. From the emp table, write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary matches the lowest salary of any 
    of the departments. Return name, and department ID.   
13.From the emp table, write a SQL query to find those employees who earn more than the average salary. Return
    employee ID,  name,sal.   
14.From the emp table, write a SQL query to find those employees who report to that manager whose name
   starts with  ‘F’. Return employee ID,  name,sal.     
15. From the emp table, write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary is in the range of 1000, and 3000
   (Begin and end values included.). Return all the fields. 
16. From the emp table , write a SQL query to find those employees whose salary falls within the range of the smallest
    salary and 2500. Return all the fields. 
17. Write a query which will display dept no and dept names to which no employee is assigned.
18. Find employees who earn salary more than the avg sal of their dept.
19. Display all employees with sal more than his manager's sal.

Solutions::

18. select * 
    from emp e
    where sal > (select avg(sal)
                 from emp d
                 where d.deptno = e.deptno);

19. select *
    from emp e
    where sal<=(select sal
		from emp m
  		where m.empno=e.mgr);
 